README.md, before:

A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interviews! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0 for Firefox](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0135-candy](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0135-candy) |
| [0945-snakes-and-ladders](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0945-snakes-and-ladders) |
| [1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3194-find-words-containing-character](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3194-find-words-containing-character) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3639-zero-array-transformation-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3639-zero-array-transformation-i) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
| [3747-maximum-difference-between-adjacent-elements-in-a-circular-array](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3747-maximum-difference-between-adjacent-elements-in-a-circular-array) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii) |
| [3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i) |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0007-reverse-integer](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0007-reverse-integer) |
| [2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit) |
| [3172-divisible-and-non-divisible-sums-difference](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3172-divisible-and-non-divisible-sums-difference) |
| [3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3194-find-words-containing-character](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3194-find-words-containing-character) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i) |
| [3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i) |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0135-candy](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0135-candy) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit) |
| [2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [3639-zero-array-transformation-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3639-zero-array-transformation-i) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0945-snakes-and-ladders](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0945-snakes-and-ladders) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i) |
| [3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes) |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
## Topological Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
## Memoization
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
| [3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i) |
| [3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0945-snakes-and-ladders](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0945-snakes-and-ladders) |
| [1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes) |
| [3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i) |
| [3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
| [0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

1529-MAX-DIFFERENCE-YOU-CAN-GET-FROM-CHANGING-AN-INTEGER Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 8.1 MB (69.19%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interviews! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0 for Firefox](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [0135-candy](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0135-candy) |
| [0945-snakes-and-ladders](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0945-snakes-and-ladders) |
| [1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3194-find-words-containing-character](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3194-find-words-containing-character) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3639-zero-array-transformation-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3639-zero-array-transformation-i) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
| [3747-maximum-difference-between-adjacent-elements-in-a-circular-array](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3747-maximum-difference-between-adjacent-elements-in-a-circular-array) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2215-finding-3-digit-even-numbers) |
| [3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii) |
| [3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i) |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0007-reverse-integer](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0007-reverse-integer) |
| [1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer) |
| [2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit) |
| [3172-divisible-and-non-divisible-sums-difference](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3172-divisible-and-non-divisible-sums-difference) |
| [3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii) |
| [3321-type-of-triangle](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3321-type-of-triangle) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3194-find-words-containing-character](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3194-find-words-containing-character) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i) |
| [3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i) |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2061-painting-a-grid-with-three-different-colors) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3142-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-ii) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3629-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-i) |
| [3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3630-total-characters-in-string-after-transformations-ii) |
| [3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3753-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-i) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0135-candy](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0135-candy) |
| [1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1529-max-difference-you-can-get-from-changing-an-integer) |
| [2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2237-longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words) |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2704-maximum-difference-by-remapping-a-digit) |
| [2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs) |
| [3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3143-longest-unequal-adjacent-groups-subsequence-i) |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0075-sort-colors](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0075-sort-colors) |
| [3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3683-find-the-lexicographically-largest-string-from-the-box-i) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [3639-zero-array-transformation-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3639-zero-array-transformation-i) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0073-set-matrix-zeroes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0073-set-matrix-zeroes) |
| [0945-snakes-and-ladders](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0945-snakes-and-ladders) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
| [3647-zero-array-transformation-iii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3647-zero-array-transformation-iii) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3307-find-the-maximum-sum-of-node-values) |
| [3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i) |
| [3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes) |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
## Topological Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
## Memoization
|  |
| ------- |
| [1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1986-largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
| [2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2438-find-closest-node-to-given-two-nodes) |
| [3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i) |
| [3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0945-snakes-and-ladders](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0945-snakes-and-ladders) |
| [1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1424-maximum-candies-you-can-get-from-boxes) |
| [3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3633-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-i) |
| [3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3645-maximize-the-number-of-target-nodes-after-connecting-trees-ii) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3201-distribute-candies-among-children-ii) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/1058-lexicographically-smallest-equivalent-string) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2520-using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string) |
| [3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3445-lexicographically-minimum-string-after-removing-stars) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0386-lexicographical-numbers](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0386-lexicographical-numbers) |
| [0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/0440-k-th-smallest-in-lexicographical-order) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/3761-maximum-difference-between-even-and-odd-frequency-ii) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs](https://github.com/Divyanshu7001/DSA_Problems_cpp/tree/master/2720-minimize-the-maximum-difference-of-pairs) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
